# Enhancements

This "Enhanced MailMan Bundle" is a fork of the MailMan bundle
included with MailMate.  It is as the original, however, in order to
handle lists whose delivery includes address rewriting, it allows the
user to save a `.mailman-addresses` file in their home directory,
which is (for now) a perl hash mapping delivery addresses to sender
addresses.  That way, when one receives email addressed to
`foobar-list-owner@hosting.com` one can rewrite the address to an
address the mailman instance will accept.

Currently this is only implemented for the "Reject" messages, since as
a moderator, I have found my task is almost solely rejection.

## To do:

* Replace the use of a perl literal with a config file, which will be
  safer, but needs to be handled without forcing dependencies on the
  user.

* Extend the address rewriting to acceptance emails.

# Original Features

This bundle groks the `List-*` headers used by MailMan based systems.

It allows you to do the following actions (in the “Commands ▸ MailMan” menu):

* Reject or approve a moderator mail
* Set password for approve replies
* Set default action for reject/approve replies (open in composer or send email)
* Show mailing list archive (opens in browser)
* Show subscribe page (opens in browser)
* Unsubscribe (opens in browser)

# Installation

You can install this bundle in MailMate by opening the preferences and going to the bundles tab. After installation it will be automatically updated for you.

# Thanks

Merged Reject and Approve commands from Benny into initial mailing list idea for MailMate.

# License

If not otherwise specified (see below), files in this repository fall under the following license:

	Permission to copy, use, modify, sell and distribute this
	software is granted. This software is provided "as is" without
	express or implied warranty, and with no claim as to its
	suitability for any purpose.

An exception is made for files in readable text which contain their own license information, or files where an accompanying file exists (in the same directory) with a “-license” suffix added to the base-name name of the original file, and an extension of txt, html, or similar.
